Initial commit for API project (#79)
reach4help/reach4help: api/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to web-client for Reach4Help

Reviewer: It's `api` not `web-client` :)

At this point, you're ready to make your changes! Feel free to ask for help; everyone is a beginner at first :smile_cat:

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

### You will need at least `node` and `yarn` installed.

- [Download Node Here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/ 'Download Node Here')
- [Download Yarn Here](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/ 'Download Yarn Here')

#### In this repo we favour `yarn` over `npm` as the "official" package manager since we also leverage `yarn workspaces` as the manager for our `monorepo`

## Run the project

1 - Install dependencies

```
yarn install
```

2 - Setup database and adminer

```
docker-compose up
```

3 - Create a `.env` file in the project root using the `example.env`.

4 - Run the `api` project in development mode.

```
yarn run start:dev
```

5 - Run database migrations

```
yarn typeorm migration:run
```

6 - The api swagger-ui is now available under [localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001)

# How to report a bug

> > If you find a security vulnerability, open an issue describing the problem.

Reviewer: We don't want people opening issues to report security vulnerabilities, we want them to disclose ethically. @mdeous will be writing up and publishing our security policy soon, this readme should refer to that when available, until then, change this to the following:

```suggestion
> If you find a security vulnerability, please send a report to <security@reach4help.org>
```

# How to suggest a feature or enhancement

> Open an issue using with the suggestion you wish to give.

# Code review process

### For your contribution to get accepted after it’s been submitted.

Your contribution will have to be Approved by a member of the Organization before being merged.

> The core team looks at Pull Requests on a regular basis. After feedback has been given we expect responses within two weeks. After two weeks we may close the pull request if it isn't showing any activity.

# Code, commit message and labeling conventions

### Commit message conventions.

We follow the conventional commits guidelines. Check [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

### Code Style Enforced by Prettier

Prettier guarantees the code style adopted and runs on commit, stick to this code style.

<img height="42" width="42" src="https://prettier.io/icon.png" alt="Prettier">[ Prettier site for more information](https://prettier.io/ 'Prettier site for more information')

# PULL Requests

> Opening pull requests should be done with enough information and screenshots for visual changes to facilitate the reviewers job. Its MANDATORY to add a link to the issue related

Reviewer: Visual changes are not relevant for `api`.
